NOTE: To view this file as non-plaintext, please see this link:
https://docs.google.com/a/mills.edu/document/d/15qzYwX-YnkgkxySZP4mX2blIbrfNgWm1ypwBusCo02E/edit

AJ Parmidge
CS280A: Mobile App Development
Ellen Spertus
Answers to Lab 3 Questions
15 February 2014

REFLECTIONS:
It was fun delving further into the architecture of the app during this lab.  I
very much enjoyed completing all of the challenges, and I also did some extra
cheat-prevention of my own (i.e. when the user clicks on cheat, shows the
answer, then goes back, clicks on ‘Cheat!’ and then DOESN’T show the answer, the
original program reset the mIsCheater such that the fact that the user DID cheat
wasn’t retained).  The most frustrating part of this lab was trying to write
stylistically “good” code, since there were several aspects of the android code
style preferences that I am not yet familiar with.  All in all, quite fun.  One
thing that bothered me, though, is why did the book in Chapter 6 suddenly start
putting raw strings (the subtitle of GeoQuiz, e.g.) into its java files after
specifically saying this shouldn’t be done in earlier chapters.  I tried to
modify the code such that all of the strings were stored into strings.xml rather
than left raw in the java files.

********************************************************************************
Q1: Can period notation be used in the definition of QuizActivity in the
manifest (Listing 5.4)?  If so, change it.  If not, why not?

Yes, it can.  As the book states on page 97, "the dot at the start of this
attribute's value tells the OS that this activity's class is in the package
specified in the package attribute in the manifest element at the top of the
file."  In GeoQuiz's Android Manifest, the package specified at the top of the
file is "com.bignerdranch.android.geoquiz" which is, indeed, the package
containing the QuizActivity class.

********************************************************************************
Q2: Why is android:layout_gravity specified in Figure 5.6
(layout-land/activity_quiz.xml) but not Listing 5.5 (layout/activity_quiz.xml)?

Because in the layout_land/activity_quiz.xml, the cheat button is located in a
FrameLayout, while in the layout/activity_quiz.xml, this element is in a
LinearLayout.  Items in a LinearLayout cannot specify their own gravity, because
the LinearLayout simply places all of the items within it into a single column
or row.  The LinearLayout itself can specify gravity, which determines the
alignment of *all* items within the LinearLayout.  The FrameLayout, on the other
hand, allows each item contained within it to change its alignment within the
FrameLayout based on the child's android:layout_gravity attribute.  This kind of
layout gives the programmer more control as to exactly where on screen the
elements within the layout are displayed.

********************************************************************************
Q3: Which activity is shown on the recents screen?  Does it depend on which
activity you were most recently in?

The activity shown on the recents screen is indeed the activity I was most
recently in.  If I am in the QuizActivity and I press the "Recents" icon or the
"Home" icon followed by the "Recents" icon, the screenshot of GeoQuiz in the
"Recents" list is of QuizActivity (whichever question of QuizActivity I was on
at the time).  If I choose QuizActivity, then it returns me to the question I
was on when I exited.  Similarly, If I am in the CheatActivity and I press
either "Recents" or "Home" followed by "Recents", then the recents screen
displays the CheatActivity.  If I return to GeoQuiz, it displays the
CheatActivity for the question I was on.  If I press the "Back" icon, it returns
me to the QuizActivity screen for the question I was on when I las used
QuizActivity.  This remained true even when I went into some other apps before
returning to QuizActivity.
